1 jobs in Worldwide
Agree & Join LinkedIn
By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s
User Agreement
,
Privacy Policy
, and
Cookie Policy
.
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Worldwide
Expand search
Jobs
This button displays the currently selected search type. When expanded it provides a list of search options that will switch the search inputs to match the current selection.
Jobs
People
Learning
Clear text
Clear text
Clear text
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
ByteDance
Clear text
ByteDance (1)
Jobster (3,362)
Microsoft (736)
Turing (653)
Jobs via eFinancialCareers (557)
Done
Past 24 hours
Any time (1,041)
Past month (943)
Past week (460)
Past 24 hours (29)
Past 24 hours (1)
Done
Job type
Full-time (1)
Done
Experience level
Mid-Senior level (1)
Done
Remote
Hybrid (1)
Done
Reset
1
Jobs in Worldwide
Senior Integrated Communications Planner - Organizational Culture
Senior Integrated Communications Planner - Organizational Culture
ByteDance
Singapore, Singapore
Be an early applicant
1 hour ago
You've viewed all jobs for this search
Software Engineer - Service Platform
ByteDance
Singapore, Singapore
1 month ago
Be among the first 25 applicants
See who ByteDance has hired for this role
No longer accepting applications
Report this job
Responsibilities
About The Team
The Service Platform team builds the cloud foundation that powers ByteDance's global ecosystem, providing comprehensive infrastructure solutions including serverless computing and resource quota management for full-stack engineering teams across the organization.
Our mission is to enable safer deployment processes, expand deployment capabilities, and deliver robust control mechanisms to optimize business operations and reduce costs. As part of our drive for innovation, we are continuously expanding our PaaS offerings to support AI infrastructure development through next generation technologies with MCP and AI Sandbox.
What you will be doing:
- Design, develop, and optimize the core platform services and ecosystem components;
- Collaborate with AI infrastructure teams to integrate specialized tooling and execution environments;
- Continuously improve platform efficiency and cost-effectiveness through system optimization;
- Establish and enforce platform engineering best practices across internal product lines;
Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications:
- Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field.
- Proficiency in Go/Python/Rust/Typescript and strong systems programming skills.
- Deep understanding of Linux, networking (TCP/IP, HTTP), and distributed systems.
- Experience in infrastructure products (e.g., monitoring, logging, service mesh, storage).
- Familiarity with cloud-native technologies (Kubernetes, Docker) and large-scale system design.
Preferred Qualifications:
- Experience with PaaS platforms or service deployment systems
- Knowledge of AI/ML platform infrastructure and tooling
- Background in resource scheduling and optimization
- Contributions to open-source infrastructure projects
About Us
Founded in 2012, ByteDance's mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. With a suite of more than a dozen products, including TikTok, Lemon8, CapCut and Pico as well as platforms specific to the China market, including Toutiao, Douyin, and Xigua, ByteDance has made it easier and more fun for people to connect with, consume, and create content.​
Why Join ByteDance
Inspiring creativity is at the core of ByteDance's mission. Our innovative products are built to help people authentically express themselves, discover and connect – and our global, diverse teams make that possible. Together, we create value for our communities, inspire creativity and enrich life - a mission we work towards every day.​
As ByteDancers, we strive to do great things with great people. We lead with curiosity, humility, and a desire to make impact in a rapidly growing tech company. By constantly iterating and fostering an "Always Day 1" mindset, we achieve meaningful breakthroughs for ourselves, our Company, and our users. When we create and grow together, the possibilities are limitless. Join us.​
Diversity & Inclusion​
ByteDance is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At ByteDance, our mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.​
Show more
Show less
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Technology, Information and Internet
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at ByteDance by 2x
See who you know
LinkedIn
© 2025
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Choices
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))
Language
You’re signed out
Sign in for the full experience.
Sign in
Join now